Add HLA*LA support for HLA typing from BAM files (#211)
nf-core/hlatyping: README.md

## Introduction

**nf-core/hlatyping** is a bioinformatics pipeline that can be used to perform HLA typing from next-generation sequencing data. It supports three HLA typing tools:

- [**OptiType**](https://github.com/FRED-2/OptiType) (default, open-source): HLA Class I genotyping based on integer linear programming from FASTQ or BAM input.
- [**HLA-HD**](https://w3.genome.med.kyoto-u.ac.jp/HLA-HD/) (optional, requires local installation): HLA Class I + II typing from FASTQ or BAM input.

> - [**HLA\*LA**](https://github.com/DiltheyLab/HLA-LA) (optional, open-source): HLA typing from BAM files using a population reference graph of the MHC region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**HLA-HD**](https://w3.genome.med.kyoto-u.ac.jp/HLA-HD/) (requires local installation): HLA Class I + II typing from FASTQ or BAM input.
- [**HLA\*LA**](https://github.com/DiltheyLab/HLA-LA) (open-source): HLA typing from BAM files using a population reference graph of the MHC region.
```
optitype is also optional, right?

2. Read QC ([`FastQC`](https://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/))
3. Generate reference indices ([`yara`](https://www.seqan.de/apps/yara.html))
4. Map reads to reference ([`yara`](https://www.seqan.de/apps/yara.html))

> 5. Run HLA class I typing ([`OptiType`](https://github.com/FRED-2/OptiType))

Reviewer: is optitype really required to run?
